[Hash table] Mention that you can "make sure the hash table implementation is good to maximize its efficiency" for extra kudos
As noted by one of the Solution, the problem "Rotate Image" can be asked a lot. The most elegant way, though a bit less efficient, is to transpose the matrix, then reflect it in the middle;
Focus on story telling to set you apart
Connect with your network and ask if ther are opporutnities
Make about anything that you accomplished to use in interviews.
Research the company and ask meaningful questions (think of the questions that the interviewers themselves can answer.)
Your question says a lot about you. Learn how to communicate with others.
Ask questions that make sense in context to the position.
Make sure your soft skills are great.
Communicate with your interviewer. They may be your future co-worker. Make it a conversation
Thought process > correct answer. Communicating technical methodologies is key.
Be receptive to feedback. Accept the hints. Ask for clarification before starting (UMPIRE).
You were selected because of your potential. Be humble and have a learning mindset. They are looking for someone who is well respected and gives respect. Be coachable.
Relax. Failure can happen, life goes on.
Uses LinkedIn for candidate sourcing. It is helpful when profiles are updated. Grad year must be up to date. Have details. Mirror your resume.
In general a stellar LinkedIn stands out. Decent endorsements. Active.
Build your LinkedIn muscle. Checks LinkedIn if there is a connection. START EARLY.
Tell recruiters when you're graduating. Listing skills randomly is not good. Indicate proficiency and context.
Put grad month and year. Apply to jobs that are for YOU. Find the correct role. Unrelated resume is not resume.
Projects are good to list. GitHub is looked at when it comes to the hiring manager. Non-school project are good.
Internship experiences are good to list. Make space for it. Do research or do something with CodePath to build resume. Write down accomplishments to refer later.
Go the extra mile for a job. Get in front of people. Work with what you got. Contact the recruiters if you need feedback.
Look online and see which companies are cancelling and who is not. Understand more about company culture
Tech goes through waves. Nothing personal. Remember to never burn a bridge.
Include prior career. It is better to include than omit.
Referrals are overrated. Does not make much difference. Focus on company events.
Don't burn bridges. You never know.
Everyone needs tech. Take advantage of the resources in front of you. Find the great fit.
Be a lifelong learner. We are 
